Which of you is the patient's family member?
The situation is urgent
You need to sign the judge's notice.
I am who you are to him
I'm his wife.
Then you sign it
How is he doing now?
The patient is still in critical condition
We'll do our best.
Must save him
Doctor, how is he?
Just a little bit
Fortunately, the patient survived his last breath
The surgery was relatively successful
But then you must be happy
Thank you doctor
How are you feeling?
Mu Chen
Nini, why don't I go out first?
I have something to talk to my girlfriend alone
Ok then you talk
girlfriend
I really envy you.
Can always have thoughts
You and Nian Nian were not this year before
Although I have always been with Nian Nian
But I know he has always had you in his heart
I always think
Keep him by my side a little longer
So he can always be with me
But now.
And I realized I couldn't fool myself.
Thank you for taking care of Nian Nian this year
girlfriend
Don't be complacent
I'm just thinking about it now
Temporarily handed over to you
But if you dare to treat him badly
How dare you bully him?
No matter the ends of the earth
A bowl of pure meat
Don't worry, there won't be such a piece of stuff.
Better kill